- [Instructor] Now that we've established
an end-to-end delivery pipeline,
let's use it to deliver a change to our application.
We're going to make a pretty small change to start out.
We're just going to update this bookings header
to say recent bookings.
So let's head over to Eclipse,
and within the hotel web app project,
we can open the booking.HTML file.
And here's where we can make the change.
So inside of the file, if we scroll down,
we'll find our header.
And here we can go ahead and update it
to say recent bookings.
Now, with that change in place,
let's go over to the terminal
and inside the hotel web app directory,
I'm going to stage the changes,
then I'll go ahead and add a commit, we'll say,
updating the header.
And then we'll go ahead and push this over to GitHub.
That push is going to kick off
our continuous delivery pipeline.
So once we issue the command,
let's go over to Jenkins,
and we can start to watch it execute.
Okay, Jenkins just picked up the change,
and that's going to kick off
our continuous integration pipeline for the web app.
Let's go check it out.
There we can see it's already running.
Now we've built our executable jar
and we're starting to create our container image
and publish it to GitHub container registry.
Okay, we're about ready to kick off our deployment pipeline.
Let's go navigate into it to watch it execute.
There it's starting to execute,
and this is going to update our manifests within GitHub
using customize.
All right, it looks like the changes are in place.
Now let's go over to Argo CD.
Then we'll head into our application
and we can wait for it to pick up the change.
Okay, Argo CD just realized it's out of sync
and now it's reading our manifests
and applying those changes to our Kubernetes cluster.
All right, it's all synced up, and our new container image
is deployed and running on Kubernetes.
Let's go back to our staging application
and here I'm going to refresh the page,
and there we can see the changes applied.
Now because we're only practicing continuous delivery,
we stopped the automated deployments
at the staging environment.
To promote these changes to production,
we'll need to manually trigger the deployment.
So let's head over to our GitHub organization,
and here we can navigate into the deploy repository.
Then I'm going to click on the Pull request tab,
and we can click on this button
to start creating our pull request.
To set up the pull request, we'll merge the main branch
into the release branch.
The main branch contains the changes in our staging cluster,
and by merging them into release,
we're going to promote them to our production cluster.
Now, if we scroll down,
we can see the changes to our customization.eml file.
It simply updates the container image for the hotel web app.
When Argo CD builds the customization
for the production overlay,
it's going to cause this new container image
to be in that manifest,
which will be applied to the production cluster.
All right, that looks good to me,
so I'll go ahead and start building the pull request.
There we can see we have a simple title that'll work,
I'll click on the pull request button.
Once the pull request is created,
I can then go ahead and merge it after I confirm.
And this will cause the changes to be released
over to our production cluster.
Let's head into our Argo CD production instance
to watch the changes be applied.
So here I'll go ahead and log into Argo CD,
and then we'll navigate into our application.
There Argo CD just realized
the production cluster was out of sync,
and now it's applying the changes in our manifests,
and we see it spinning up a new pod.
All right, it looks like everything is synced,
let's go hit the production application.
Okay, and there we can see the changes were released
to the production cluster.
So you can start to see how the automation
in our continuous delivery process
allows teams to increase the velocity
at which they deliver changes.
But we can take it a step further
by adopting the practice of continuous deployment.